hi everyone welcome to Sherwood Park
Toyota Scion my name is Chris and today
we're gonna take a look at this
pre-owned 2009 Jeep Wrangler Unlimited
this is the Sahara Edition on the front
you can see I've got all the lights on
for you you've got a daytime running
lights headlights fog lights you have
aftermarket off-road lights as well as a
grill guard you have front tow hooks you
have an engine block heater
hopefully it's not blinding you all
sorts of stuff here on the front under
the hood you have a 3.8 liter v6 engine
gonna give you lots of power if you're
on the road off the road whatever you
want to do with this deep this is a
Sahara Edition in a fantastic deep green
color it is of course trail rated being
a jeep you're gonna be riding on
Bridgestone 18-inch alloy wheels with
four-wheel disc brakes all the way
around everything on this Jeep is in
really good condition nice and clean
tires are in wonderful shape
got some running boards on the side to
help you in there your badges sahara
wrangler unlimited trail rated it looks
really good let's jump on inside and
I'll show you the interior to help you
get inside your 2009 Jeep Wrangler you
have a couple of options you do have a
factory key with integrated key fob that
has a lock unlock as well as a panic
button feature you also get a comp your
star aftermarket remote which also locks
and unlocks the vehicle as we jump
inside here on your door
the only power option you have is your
locks windows are in the center console
which is show you in a minute because as
with any Jeep these doors can come right
off so that's why there's very few
control zones so if you ever want to pop
those doors off very easy to do guys
switch pocket there if you need carpet
floor mats throughout this Jeep
everything's nice and clean you do have
cloth bucket seats through a up front
here and then cloth the bench seat in
the back nice and clean a nice little
grey color looks really sharp your gonna
take a look right in here that is the
control for your off-road lights on the
front that we saw earlier those nice big
lights that hopefully didn't want you
let's go ahead and start up the Jeep as
I do that you can take a look and see
that it has 76,000 396 kilometers on it
as such you do have the balance of your
factory warranty just make sure you chat
with sales and finance about whatever
thing what that covers in there
everything involved 25 beautiful degrees
outside today you'll need the air
conditioning which is Jeep has leather
wrap steering wheel we're very
comfortable you do have cruise control
tucked right in behind here very nice
let's take a look at your center stack
I'll turn the lights on so hopefully can
see better here's your am/fm radio as
well as CD player has all your presets
Seek am/fm CD everything you're gonna
need very easy to use
here are your window controls all four
windows drivers automatic down down
below that's your climate control those
are your different zones there's your
fan speed and there's your temperature
you have air conditioning recirculation
rear defrost everything you need hazard
lights traction control as well as two
power outlets one on each side down
below here there's your automatic
transmission tucked in here in the dark
I apologize not very bright but there is
your four-wheel drive controls you
got an overdrive button if you want to
take the overdrive off got your
emergency brake as well as some cup
holders and the softest and plushest
central armrest I've ever seen this
thing is awesome look at it get almost
nap on it and then underneath you do
have us in our console two big areas and
I know you can't see down there but
thanks make lots of stuff in there like
I said this center armrest I can't get
over it it's so cool
there's your cloth bucket seat for your
passenger as well got a handle that's a
little cell phone holder you can put
your phone in there if you need
there's your glove box with your owner's
manual and all the information you don't
need for this Jeep apologize for the Sun
little bright everything's really good
don't worry about the windshield it'll
be replaced before you take it home a
little warning lights just saying it
needs an oil change again we'll take
care of that as well everything on the
front of this Jeep here on the inside
looks awesome so if you want to follow
me we're gonna jump in the back we'll
check out the rest of alright let's jump
on in the back of the Jeep Wrangler now
this Jeep seats five people two up front
a three in the back of course like I
said doors come off
I'm very handy of course you can take
the top off too so it comes off in a
couple of sections hopefully we'll get
the glare away here so you got your
front section here you can see there's a
seam right there and then of course the
back section as well so if you want to
pop that off you can it's a little
convertible t-top
in the back of the Jeep everything is
nice and clean just like the front
there's your carpet floor mats some
cupholders over there in the center
console pockets on the back of the seats
nice and clean well taken care of you
can see there's the roll bars once you
take the top off you've got all the roll
bars right now they're covered in fabric
so that they look nicer and they're soft
you have a good case you bump your head
like I usually do
you also have lights and you'll set of
speakers on this side as well as that
side and in the back so you'll have your
music playing even when the tops off
everything looks awesome super cool
let's shuffle along along to the back
here now
so as I said this is a 4x4 of course
it's a jeep duh
it's the unlimited edition with the
Sahara package there's your full-size
spare tire and never use nice and shiny
still brand-new excellent shape down
below here you do have a factory
installed tow hitch with an electrical
outlet so anything got some rear tow
hooks on the Jeep it's probably never
gonna get stuck so you don't have to
worry about that though open up the back
here
here's your handle pop this open the
bottom gates gonna open up first then
simply give the glass a quick pull and
it's gonna open right up for you you can
fold those rear seats down there's your
speaker for the back that's gonna keep
your music playing no matter if you have
to top on top off looks really good so
to close it up again put the glass down
first and see you've got a windshield
wiper up there and then close the door
and it's all closed up
so I'll show you how to put down the
rear seats all you have to do got a
little handle here give it a tug I need
two hands give me one second
sorry about that all right so give it a
tug and then just give the headrest to
flip foot forward that's gonna fall
right down like that folds flat so now
you've got a nice big area if you want
to put some passengers you want some
cargo you want both whatever you need
60/40 split so you can do the other one
and then of course simply just pop it
back up it's good to go
ester side driver our lock control door
handle puckett on the door carpet floor
mats again all the way through there's a
handle if you take this Jeep off-road in
your passengers or something to hang on
to I know crap handle or whatever you
want to call it handle up above - so
Stoops gonna be awesome if you want to
take it off row of course to the Jeep
you can do that it's trail rated it's
got everything you need
you're never in any trouble or you want
to take it to the city you want to help
yourself through one of those gross
snowing winters pop it into four-wheel
drive you're gonna have no trouble got
the front grille guard you've got the
off-road lights this jeeps gonna be
really awesome for you if you want some
more information please give us a call
at one triple eight two four one nine
eight nine five five or better yet come
see us come see the Jeep you can repeat
find us at thirty-one Auto Mall Road in
Sherwood Park thanks for watching we'll
see you next time